[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: But yeah,
the next thing we're going
to do is create a browser build.
So if we were to,
let's say somebody wanted to use this.
We'll rerun the build, actually,
let's run the whole thing.
Validate, make sure everything's working.
So if somebody wanted to
consume this in the browser
they would presumably just copy this code,
they'd pull open another browser tab,
and paste it in and
they're like export's not defined.
Well great,
I can't use this library in the browser.
There are a couple of things
they can't use in the browser,
this require statement being
probably the main culprit.
Basically CommonJS modules
being the main problem.
So what we need to do is as somehow
resolve these require statements
to be something that maybe
can happen at runtime.
Or just make it so
that the browser can understand what these
require statements are supposed to do.
And that's where webpack comes in.
So there are actually a couple ways
that you can distribute your JavaScript,
in a way that the browser
can understand it.
And actually, for
people who are consuming the library and
using a bundler, they won't need
you to do any of these work.
This is pretty much only the people
who aren't using a bundler already.
And those people probably should be using
a bundler it just makes life a lot easier.
But it's not a good idea for
the library author to say for
you to use this in the browser you must
use a bundler like webpack or something.
If you intend to have people use
your library on a given platform,
they shouldn't have to
do any work to do that.
Yeah, it should just happen.
So, yeah, that's why we're
going to add webpack stuff.
I probably should have had a branch for
this because I am not here to teach
you about webpack, we're just gonna use it
and you can learn about webpack elsewhere.
I will create a new file here
called webpack.config.js.
And then I'll gonna actually just copy and
paste the config and
you can look into that a little
bit more at another time.
This is for libraries, the webpack config
it's not 100% straight forward, but
it's something you can totally copy/paste
and not worry too much about it.
It's when you get into applications that
you should probably understand everything
that's going on.
So, we're going to go to this and
gitdif and click on view.
And I have this cool Chrome extension
that adds a copy button here,
but if you don't have that,
you can click on raw and just copy that.
>> Kent C Dodds: So I'll just explain
what's going on here really quick.
So we can actually use
ES6 inside of this webpack
file because the filename is
webpack.config.babel, and
we have babel installed in our project.
So it will use babel to transpile
these ES6 modules into CommonJS, and
then webpack can use that.
So we're pulling join out from path, and
we're using it to create our context and
to create our path here.
And it's just a whole bunch of
webpack jargon to say that basically
the context of our lib lives
inside of src, our entry so
like our main method for
library is the index file.
Where we want the resulting bundle to go,
or
the resulting library to go
is in the dist directory.
That's the absolute path
to the dist directory,
that's why we're joining
the dirname to dist.
And then the library target is umd.
Does anybody know what
umd might stand for?
>> Kent C Dodds: Heard of umd before?
So umd stands for
Universal Module Definition.
And, let me see, if we go to
npmcdn.com, Aphrodite.
>> Kent C Dodds: No, that is not,
actually, I've got a good one, Geniejs.
So this is the first library I ever wrote.
The last substantive commit
was probably two years ago.
The last time I released
anything was two years ago.
This was back in the day when I
used to commit files to Master.
Yeah, fun stuff.
But actually in this dist directory,
we have this genie.js file.
And right here is umd,
that's what this is all about.
This is an important part
of creating libraries, so
it's important you understand what umd is.
So sorry, before I explain this code,
let me explain the why of umd.
We want to have our library
consumable in multiple environments.
And each of these environments
has a different module style.
So some environments,
like Node, use CommonJS, and
that's the module.export, and
require statements and stuff.
Other environments are still using AMD,
that's Asynchronous Module Definition.
So define, and then give me an array
of your dependencies, and then give me
a function which returns your module and
then still others are using globals.
And so you just stick
a script in the browser, and
suddenly you have something on
your root scope, or on the global.
So umd is designed to solve that problem,
where it can detect
what environment it's in and export itself
in a way that works for that environment.
So that's what this is.
So the main library code all
lives inside of this function.
Yeah, this is before I knew
how to use modules and stuff.
But the interesting stuff as far as umd is
concerned is in this function right here.
So it's an immediately invoked function,
so the actual function is right here.
And then it's invoked with this,
which would be the global, and
then the function definition,
so it calls up the factory.
So this would be mapped to the root, and
then the factory is the function and
that's what returns my module,
the genie module.
And so then, what it says is, okay,
if define is a function, and define.md
exists, then I'm going to, I create this
as an AMD module, so I'm gonna say define.
And because genie doesn't
have any dependencies at all,
it calls into that API.
If it had dependencies, then it would say,
define, given an array of
all the dependencies it had.
And then those dependencies would be
injected into this function call.
Fancy stuff.
And then, so if defined is not a function
and there isn't an amd on define,
then we're gonna check if
the module is undefined or
if it's not undefined and
if a module has exports.
If that's the case and
we're in CommonJS land.
And so,
we'll just say module.exports = factory.
So go get me what I should export and
I'll export it as module.exports.
Otherwise, we're not in amd land,
we're not in CommonJS land, so
we must be in some global environment.
And so, I'll just take that, stick this
on the root and I'll call it genie,
so then people can say window.genie and
they can use this library.
We're gonna do the same thing with our
library except back in the day when I
did this, this is how I developed my code.
I'm pretty positive, actually 100%
positive that this is actually
the original code, I'm not doing
any transplation or anything here.
So, we're going to make
this all automatic, T,
that's the role that webpack
is going to serve for us.
Probably should explain
that right from the get go.
So that's what umd stands for.
LibraryTarget is umd and
then the library name is starwarsnames.
So that, if it goes on the global,
this is what it's going to
be called on the global.
So in the other one there,
that was called genie.
For us, it will be called starWarsNames.
Then devtool: 'source-map' is just
saying create source maps for
this thing cuz they're handy.
And then module loaders,
this is a whole concept of loaders
that's very specific to webpack.
But we basically are saying,
take any file that ends in .js and
pipe it through Babel.
And only transpile the stuff
that's in the source directory.
So it's not gonna transpile
our node modules because those
should be ES5 compatible anyway.
And then for anything that's JSON,
load it through the JSON loader and
we'll see what that actually
does here in a second.
And only include stuff that's
in our source directory as well.
So before we start adding some
scripts to make this run,
I'm gonna stop and
let people ask questions.
So any questions about why we're
doing this or what we're doing?
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, so
again, this tool is valuable.
I'm not convinced that
it's a 100% important for
you to understand exactly how to
use the webpack API specifically.
Because this is pretty much
a basic copy paste job for
any library that you're gonna create.
There are some cases, like if you wanted
to include CSS and stuff, then maybe
it kinda depends on how you wanna
distribute your CSS for your library.
Like, you might have it
bundled with your stuff.
But, you might also just
like copy that over to
your dist directory using like Sass or
something.
But, let's go ahead and
add a couple of scripts and
we'll see what the results
of this webpack build is.
Let me just double-check.
We are definitely going to
need a couple dependencies,
first of all we're gonna need.
Yeah, sorry.
>> Student: Just came in.
>> Kent C Dodds: Instead of npm script,
can we do it all with webpack?
So we're actually going to
use npm scripts with webpack,
and so we're gonna use npm
scripts to run webpack.
Npm scripts are fantastic because they're
actually coded into your project.
And so anybody coming into help
you maintain the project or
contribute can just come in here and
look at the scripts and
know exactly what common scripts you have.
Rather than having to know any cryptic
things that you have with Webpack or
Grunt or Gulp or whatever.
They just look right there and
they know exactly what they can run.